chore: add docs (#315)
alchemyplatform/modular-account: README.md

forge script script/Deploy.s.sol --rpc-url $RPC_URL --broadcast
```

## Features overview

### Features

> Modular Account v2 can:

Reviewer: Nit: I'd change all instances of these
```suggestion
Modular Account can:
```

1. Deploy contracts via `CREATE` or `CREATE2`.
2. Receive ERC-721 and ERC-1155 tokens.
3. Use applications that depend on ERC-1271 contract signatures.
4. Use applications that use the ERC-165 introspection standard.
5. Be upgradeable to or from most other smart contract account implementations.
6. Be customized in many ways. All customization options can be found [here](./2-customizing-your-modular-account.md).

#### ERC-1271 contract signatures support

Certain applications such as Permit2 or Cowswap use the ERC-1271 contract signatures standard to determine if a smart contract has approved a certain action. Modular Account implements ERC-1271 to allow smart accounts to use these applications.

#### Upgradeability

When modular accounts are created from the factory, an ERC-1967 proxy contract is deployed. Users can update the implementation their proxy points to to choose which smart account implementations to use. Modular Account v2 adheres to the ERC-7201 namespaced storage standard to prevent storage collisions when updating between different implementations.

### Customizing your Modular Account

> The Modular Account v2 can be customized by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modular Account can be customized by:
```

1. Installing execution functions to add custom execution logic to run, or uninstalling to remove them
2. Installing validations to apply custom validation logic for one or all execution functions, or uninstalling to remove them
3. Installing pre validation hooks that are attached to module entities, or removing them
4. Installing execution hooks that are attached to execution functions, or removing them
5. Installing execution hooks that are attached to module entities, or removing them

### Lifecycle of a user operation
![](./img/userop-flow.png)

### Lifecycle of a runtime call
![](./img/runtime-flow.png)

> #### Pre-validation hooks

Reviewer: Heading hierarchy seems off. Should these be H3?

Author: These should be under the `Customizing your Modular Account` umbrella since thats where the terms were first introduced, so its the above headers that should be `h4`

Execution hooks can be associated either with a module entity to apply permissions on that specific entity, or with an execution selector on the account to apply global restrictions on the account across all entities. A example of a useful global restriction would be to block NFT transfers for NFTs in cold storage, or to apply resource locks.

#### Execution functions

Execution hooks are applied across execution functions. Modular account comes with native execution functions such as `installValidation`, `installExecution`, or `upgradeToAndCall`. However, you could customize the account by installing additional execution functions. After a new execution is installed, when the account is called with that function selector, the account would forward the call to the module associated with that installed execution. An example of a useful execution functions would be to implement callbacks for the account to be able to take flash loans.

> ## Security, Audits, and Bug Bounty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Security
```

> Our audit reports can be found in [audits](/audits). The filenames for the reports have the format: `YYYY-MM-DD_VENDOR_FFFFFFF.pdf`, where `YYYY-MM-DD` refers to the date on which the final report was received, `VENDOR` refers to the conductor of the audit, and `FFFFFFF` refers to the short commit hash on which the audit was conducted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Audits

Our audit reports can be found in [audits](/audits). The filenames for the reports have the format: `YYYY-MM-DD_VENDOR_FFFFFFF.pdf`, where `YYYY-MM-DD` refers to the date on which the final report was received, `VENDOR` refers to the conductor of the audit, and `FFFFFFF` refers to the short commit hash on which the audit was conducted.
```

> Details of our bug bounty program can be found at https://hackerone.com/alchemyplatform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bug bounty program

Details of our bug bounty program can be found at https://hackerone.com/alchemyplatform.
```

### Semi modular account considerations
`SemiModularAccountBytecode` (`SMABytecode`) is the cheapest account to deploy. It can only be used for new account deployment, and **should NOT** be used for account upgrades due to requiring specific proxy bytecode.

#### Deferred actions
In order for a deferred action to be run at validation, in addition to special encoding (which includes the validation to validate the deferred action itself), it must not break ERC-4337 validation-time rules. For instance, this means that any execution hooks on `installValidation` must comply with EIP-7562.

#### Signature validation flag enablement
The `isSignatureValidation` flag meant to allow a validation function to validate ERC-1271 signatures. Developer should note that for Modular Account this is a very powerful capability to grant as it allows validation functions to approve deferred actions on the account.

> ### Acknowledgements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Acknowledgements
```

forge script script/Deploy.s.sol --rpc-url $RPC_URL --broadcast
```

> ## Features Overview

Reviewer: Nit: for titles, let's stay consistent and not capitalize each word.

### Features
Modular Account v2 can:
1. Deploy contracts via `CREATE` or `CREATE2`.
2. Receive `ERC721` and `ERC1155` tokens.
3. Use applications that depend on `ERC1271` contract signatures.
4. Use applications that use the `ERC165` introspection standard.
5. Be upgradeable to or from most other smart contract account implementations.
6. Be customized in many ways. All customization options can be found [here](./2-customizing-your-modular-account.md).

#### ERC1271 Contract Signatures Support

> Certain applications such as Permit2 or Cowswap use the ERC1271 contract signatures standard to determine if a smart contract has approved a certain action. Modular Account v2 implements to allow smart accounts to use these applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Certain applications such as Permit2 or Cowswap use the ERC1271 contract signatures standard to determine if a smart contract has approved a certain action. Modular Account implements to allow smart accounts to use these applications.
```

Nit: both v1 and v2 support it, but v2 does it natively while v1 has the plugin do it

Author: Ah good find, when I was writing these docs it was a MA v2 specific doc. But now that it's in this repo it should probably serve both MA v1 and MA v2..

#### Upgradeability

When modular accounts are created from the factory, an `ERC1967` proxy contract is deployed. Users can update the implementation their proxy points to to choose which smart account implementations to use. Modular Account v2 adheres to the `ERC7201` namespaced storage standard to prevent storage collisions when updating between different implementations.

> ### Customizing your Modular Account

Reviewer 2: Nit: consistent usage of install vs add in this section

The Modular Account v2 can be customized by:
1. Installing executions to add custom execution logic to run, or uninstalling to remove them
2. Installing validations to apply custom validation logic for one or all executions, or uninstalling to remove them
3. Adding pre validation hooks that are attached to validations, or removing them
4. Adding execution hooks that are attached to executions, or removing them

> 5. Adding execution hooks that are attached to entities, or removing them

Reviewer 2: hmm, seeing this here feels odd when the above section on validation hooks says they're attached to validations. Maybe "validation entities"? Or switch the other one?

### Lifecycle of a User Operation
![](./img/userop-flow.png)

### Lifecycle of a Runtime Call
![](./img/runtime-flow.png)

#### Pre-validation Hooks

> Pre validation hooks are run before validations. Pre-validation hooks are necessary to perform gas related checks for User Operations (session key gas limits, or gas metering taking into account paymaster usage). These checks must happen in the validation phase since a validation success would allow the entrypoint to charge gas for the user operation to the account.

Reviewer 2: I don't remember the latest on our discussions for "pre-validation hooks" vs just "validation hooks". I think if we go with "validation hooks" here and the sentence still starts with "validation hooks are run before validations", that could be a good enough explainer. Wdyt?

#### Validations

> Validations are usually signature validation functions (BLS, WebAuthn, etc). While it’s feasible to implement signature validation as a pre-validation hook, it’s more efficient and ergonomic to do these in validations since it allows us to apply permissions per entity using execution hooks. In ERC4337, accounts can return validation data that’s not 0 or 1 to signal the usage of a signature aggregator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Validations are usually signature validation functions (secp256k1, BLS, WebAuthn, etc). While it’s feasible to implement signature validation as a pre-validation hook, it’s more efficient and ergonomic to do these in validations since it allows us to apply permissions per entity using execution hooks. In ERC-4337, accounts can return validation data that’s not 0 or 1 to signal the usage of a signature aggregator.
```

#### Execution Hooks

> Execution hooks are useful for applying permissions on executions to limit the set of possible actions that can be taken. Post-execution hooks are useful for checking the final state after an execution. Pre and post-execution hook pairs are useful for measuring differences in state due to an execution. For example, you would use a pre and post execution hook pair to enforce that swap outputs from a DCA swap performed by a session key fall within a some tolerance price determined by a price oracle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Execution hooks are useful for applying permissions on execution functions to limit the set of possible actions that can be taken. Post-execution hooks are useful for checking the final state after an execution. Pre and post-execution hook pairs are useful for measuring differences in state due to an execution. For example, you could use a pre and post execution hook pair to enforce that swap outputs from a DCA swap performed by a session key fall within a some tolerance price determined by a price oracle.
```

> Execution hooks can be associated either with an (validation module + entity ID) pair to apply permissions on that specific entity, or with an execution selector on the account to apply global restrictions on the account across all entities. A example of a useful global restriction would be to block NFT transfers for NFTs in cold storage, or to apply resource locks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Execution hooks can be associated either with a (validation module + entity ID) pair to apply permissions on that specific entity, or with an execution selector on the account to apply global restrictions on the account across all entities. A example of a useful global restriction would be to block NFT transfers for NFTs in cold storage, or to apply resource locks.
```

> #### Executions

Reviewer 2: Nit: I think this may be confusing to readers, especially since `Execution` has started appearing as the name of a struct holding {address, value, data}. Could we rename this to "execution function" instead?

3. When upgrading to a Modular Account, clients should check that the account is an ERC-1967 proxy by checking the ERC-1822 `proxiableUUID` ****slot.
4. When installing executions, clients should check that it does not collide with any native function selectors.
5. Clients should ensure that deferred action nonces are unique without dependencies. One possible scheme is to use unix timestamps as part of the nonce.

#### Proxy Pattern and Initializer Functions
Initializer functions are not guarded by any access control modifier. If accounts are not used in a proxy pattern, during the account’s constructor, as per Openzeppelin’s implementation of `Initializable`, initializer functions are able to be reentered. This design choice can be used by an attacker to install additional validations to take over a user’s account.

#### EIP-7702 Accounts and Initializer Functions

> When using EIP-7702, the delegate destinations should only be `SemiModularAccount7702` implementations, and not any of the other account variants. Otherwise, if the delegate destination is set to an account with an `initializer` function, since there isn’t any access control protection on EIP-7702 accounts, an attacker will be able to take over the account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using EIP-7702, the delegate destination should only be the `SemiModularAccount7702` implementation, and not any of the other account variants. Otherwise, if the delegate destination is set to an account with an unprotected initializer function, an attacker will be able to take over the account.
```

### Semi Modular Account Considerations
`SemiModularAccountBytecode` (`SMABytecode`) is the cheapest account to deploy. It can only be used for new account deployment, and **should NOT** be used for account upgrades due to requiring specific proxy bytecode.

#### Deferred Actions

> 1. In order for a deferred action to be run at validation, in addition to special encoding (which includes the validation to validate the deferred action itself), it must not break ERC-4337 validation-time rules. For instance, this means that any execution hooks on `installValidation` must comply with RIP-7562.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In order for a deferred action to be run at validation, in addition to special encoding (which includes the validation to validate the deferred action itself), it must not break ERC-4337 validation-time rules. For instance, this means that any execution hooks on `installValidation` must comply with ERC-7562.
```

Author: TIL - when did this stop being an RIP haha

> 2. Deferred actions should only be used to perform actions necessary for user op validation to pass. Otherwise, as deferred actions are not signed over, a malicious bundler could remove the deferred action from the user op and cause an unexpected outcome.

Reviewer 2: This is no longer the case, as the deferred actions flag is now in `userOp.nonce`, so it is signed over
